instead of doing development > during development (#4514)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Extending/Health-Check/Guides/SMTP.md

}
```

> One example that can be used on localhost, if you have a (fake) SMTP server running during development. E.g. [Smtp4dev](https://github.com/rnwood/smtp4dev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example that can be used on localhost, is if you have a local Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) server running during development. This could be a tool like [Smtp4dev](https://github.com/rnwood/smtp4dev).
```

Author: Looking great :D
